BECKY I understand your reluctance to see me. What happened to us on a first date. It’s just so crazy.
MAX It certainly was.
BECKY Did Detective Hogan call you too?
MAX He may have. I think I told you, I’m opening a Boston office for my company. So, I have a stack of messages I haven’t even looked at. Your messages I did receive. I apologize for not returning them. This is a very busy time.
BECKY I’m sure.
MAX But I’ve made time. To talk about whatever you need to talk about to put this event behind you.
BECKY I gather from Andrew you feel it already is behind you.
MAX I do.
BECKY It’s been upsetting for me.
MAX Of course.
BECKY No, I want to apologize. I was very pushy. Calling you all the time. I regret that. I really do.
MAX Apology accepted.
BECKY I’m in the same place you are now. I feel ready to just be past it and move on.
MAX Great.
BECKY Our next date should be like a daytime visit to the zoo. I don’t know. Something completely not dangerous.
MAX My feeling about of this Becky. We were interrupted. This thing interrupted the normal dating  process. Chalk it up to my personal failing, but I don’t feel we can get past that. It’s just not gonna work.
BECKY Ok. Wow. You’re saying if not for the robbery, you’d have wanted to see me again?
MAX Not exactly that.
BECKY I wondered if this were the reason you weren’t calling me. If you’re embarrassed about how you acted during the hold-up, you shouldn’t be.
MAX Embarrassed?
BECKY You were scared, so was I. If you’re running from me, my feelings for you are only deepened by that glimpse into your vulnerability.
MAX Becky, you’re not understanding me.
BECKY And I want to. Max, the detective told me - I’m sure he told you, too. That you shouldn’t have led the perpetrator to your car.
MAX Now, wait
BECKY No, hear me out. If you’re embarrassed about that, I want you to know - I think it was the right thing to do. And I was there. The detective wasn’t.
MAX Right.
BECKY I absolutely understand why you feel the robbery ruined our chance. But it doesn’t have to. I’m over it now. I don’t need to ever mention it again.
MAX I didn’t say the robbery ruined our chance.
BECKY Yes, you did.
MAX Ok, yes. I did say that because Suzanna told me to. The truth, Becky, is I don’t think we’re a good match.
BECKY Because the robbery is clouding your feelings.
MAX I knew before the robbery.
BECKY Can I ask when?
MAX At the restaurant.
BECKY So you slept with me knowing I wasn’t your match?
MAX I’m sorry if I misread your signals.
BECKY Can you tell me why you decided that?
MAX Oh, for god’s sake
BECKY I’m not angry. I just want to know what I did.
MAX Jesus, I’m allowed to not be interested. I don’t owe you an explanation.
BECKY I just want to know what it is about me. So I can in the future correct it.
MAX This! I didn’t return your calls. Any normal person would have
BECKY But you said you knew at the restaurant. What did I do?
MAX This! You force people to hurt you.
BECKY I made you feel you’d hurt me? That’s it? You don’t want to be with a woman you feel you hurt?
MAX Would you want to be with a man you could hurt?
BECKY But that’s love, isn’t it? Anything that matters carries the potential for hurt.
MAX Love, Becky. We had one date.
BECKY I gave you power prematurely. Is that it?
MAX I don’t want to do this.
BECKY This doesn’t hurt me! It helps. Please sit for a second.
BECKY I took some wrong turns, Max, and I changed. See, when I was in college
MAX I don’t, I don’t care. I’m sorry. This is starting to feel like the second date I didn’t want to have.
BECKY Ok. I just wanted you to know I wasn’t always like this. And I feel I can get back to being myself - my good self - if I’m really fearless in examining
MAX Great. Do that with a therapist. Not me.
BECKY Ok. Just one last question.
MAX No.
BECKY Just as a favor.
MAX I don’t owe you any favors!
BECKY Then I don’t owe you any either. Right?
MAX Are you threatening me?
BECKY I’m not good enough to date, but I am good enough to... to fuck and to be trusted with a confidence that you would not like me to betray. At the police station? I said you have to call Suzanna, she’s your family. You said, “She not family. I don’t fuck family.” Andrew doesn’t know.
MAX You’re a fraud.
BECKY Stop it. You’re hurting me.
MAX You care, you understand as long as you get what you want. You just went from trying to date me to blackmailing me in about three minutes. You’re a scary person, Becky, and I knew it the minute I met you.
BECKY Then you shouldn’t have fucked me. If I was that person you just described, I’d have screamed by now and had you arrested for assault. Let go of my arm and walk away.
